## Bugler Bat at St. Georges 1921

John had been a brave soldier and with Bugler had been on many adventures during the Peninsular and Pyrenees Wars. Between 1815 to 1825 John blew his bugle and beat his drum. Bugler would stay hidden in his hat and John reckoned that his good fortune was down to having a lucky bat in his hat!

Bugler Bat was dangling from the Lych Gate at St Georges Church thinking about his old friend John Whitworth.
Question/suggestion: Key direction or description of where to go next?

Can you spot the remains of the chapel & John Whitworth's memorial & Grave Stones
Together they had travelled to battles all over the world including Aldi-de- Pont, Martinique, St. Sebastian and Salamanca. John was extremely daring and the British had won a great battle because John had blown his bugle to advance, despite having orders to sound retreat.
He'd been awarded many medals and when he died of old age he was buried in the Chapel at St. Georges with great honour. Bugler had lived in the Chapel until it was pulled down.
Now he was living in the eaves of St. Georges Lych Gate. This too honoured
The poem on John brave soldiers from World War I, who had died in battle. Sadly they hadn’t
Whitworth's Memorial was lived long lives like John Whitworth.
written by his son Thomas.

Bugler wondered if it was because they didn’t have lucky bats in their hats...
The original chapel on this site was built in 1755 and cost £600 to build. The chapel was demolished in 1885 after the new church had been built.
